SPC  	USER COMMANDS    ----version 1.0

NAME 

	spc

SYNOPSIS

	spc [OPTIONS] ...

DESCRIPTION

	spc is the base command for accessing the features of Secure Personal Cloud. [OPTIONS] specify the function/feature for spc. spc takes one option at a time except in case of 'en-de'.

OPTIONS
	Generic Program Information
		
		info 
			Output the manual for spc. 

		version
			Output the version number of spc.

	Function Selection

		set-url
			Set the api-urls to refer to server by taking ip address and port number as input from command line.

			Input format should be ip:port
				e.g :- 127.0.0.1:8000  

		signup
			Create a new account for user by asking required information as input.

		login
			Log in a user into the database by asking his username and password as input.  		

		logout
			Log out the already logged in user. Prints "no user logged in" if there is no active login.

		config
			Configure the locally stored user login data.

		show_data
			Display the user's files and folders in a heirarchical manner along with their ids.

		upload_file
			Upload a file preset locally to the server's database by taking id of the parent folder in server, name of the file(which is being uploaded) shown in the server, path of the file in local machine as input. 

		upload_folder
			Upload a folder present locally to the server's database by taking id of the parent folder in server, path of the folder in local machine("/" is necessary at the end of the folder path).

		download_file
			Download a file belonging to the user present in the server's database by taking file id and path to download into as input.

		download_folder
			Download a folder belonging to the user present in the server's database by taking folder id and path to download into as input.     	  

		delete_file
			Delete a file belonging to the user present in the server's database by taking file id as input. 

		delete_folder
			Delete a folder belonging to the user present in the server's database by taking folder id as input.

		en-de

			list
				List the available encryption schemes.

			update
				Update the current encryption scheme by taking type of the schema and its corresponding keys as input. 

			update [FILE PATH]
				Update the current encryption scheme from a local file specified by [FILE PATH].

			dump [FILE PATH]
				Write the current encryption scheme into a local file specified by [FILE PATH].

		observe
			Observe a local directory for synchronization by taking the direcory path as input.                            
		
		sync
			Synchronize the observed directory with the one present in the server's database.

			There are two options available '1' and '2'. Option '1' merges the observed local directory with the one in the server and same happens for the one in the server too. Option '2' overwrites the copy in server with the local observed directory.

		status
			Print the status of the observed directory.		 			




